vCenter and NSX-T Manager resources (#1343)
vmware/terraform-provider-vcd: website/docs/r/nsxt_manager.html.markdown

* `name` - (Required) A name for NSX-T Manager
* `description` - (Optional) An optional description for NSX-T Manager
* `username` - (Required) A username for authenticating to NSX-T Manager
* `password` - (Required) A password for authenticating to NSX-T Manager
* `url` - (Required) An URL of NSX-T Manager
* `auto_trust_certificate` - (Required) Defines if the certificate of a given NSX-T Manager should
  automatically be added to trusted certificate store. **Note:** not having the certificate trusted
  will cause malfunction.
* `network_provider_scope` - (Optional) The network provider scope is the tenant facing name for the
  NSX Manager.

## Attribute Reference

The following attributes are exported on this resource:

* `status` - Status of NSX-T Manager. One of:
 * `PENDING` - Desired entity configuration has been received by system and is pending realization.
 * `CONFIGURING` - The system is in process of realizing the entity.
 * `REALIZED` - The entity is successfully realized in the system.
 * `REALIZATION_FAILED` - There are some issues and the system is not able to realize the entity.
 * `UNKNOWN` - Current state of entity is unknown.

## Importing

> ~> The current implementation of Terraform import can only import resources into the state.
> It does not generate configuration. [More information.](https://www.terraform.io/docs/import/)

Reviewer: Probably we can use the "modern" one:
```suggestion
~> **Note:** The current implementation of Terraform import can only import resources into the state. It does not generate
configuration. However, an experimental feature in Terraform 1.5+ allows also code generation.
See [Importing resources][importing-resources] for more information.
```

Author: Fixed.
